there is no place on earth to for
bidding there is no adventure too
dangerous to dare
there is no dream of wealth and glory
too impossible for the men who would be
king Connery and Caine
Road and renegade reckless and fearless
soldiers of fortune on the richest
adventure of their mind
across a thousand miles of danger come
with Sean Connery and Michael Caine as
they try to capture a whole country a
scheme for Rascals to become royalty in
the long-lost land of Alexander the
Great
Rudyard Kipling's the man who would be
king
they share the treasure they share the
danger they share the adventure Sean
Connery Michael Caine and Christopher
Plummer in John Huston's the man who
would be king